NMS-14594: Implement gateway status poller (#24)
OpenNMS/opennms-velocloud-plugin: README.md

mvn clean install
```

> To speed up development iterations, one can use `-Dcodegen.skip=true` to skip re-generating the client model classes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up development iterations, one can use `-Dcodegen.skip=true` to skip the re-generation of the client model classes.

```
